examples/knowledgebasebot/README.md, before:

# Knowledge Base Bot

This example bot uses a knowledge base to answer user's requests.

## What’s inside this example?

This example contains some training data and the main files needed to build an 
assistant on your local machine. The `knowledgebasebot` consists of the following files:

- **data/nlu.md** contains training examples for the NLU model  
- **data/stories.md** contains training stories for the Core model  
- **actions.py** contains the custom action for querying the knowledge base
- **config.yml** contains the model configuration
- **domain.yml** contains the domain of the assistant  
- **endpoints.yml** contains the webhook configuration for the custom action  

## How to use this example?

To train your knowledge base bot, execute
```
rasa train
```
This will store a zipped model file in `models/`.

Start the action server by
```
rasa run actions
```

To chat with the bot on the command line, run
```
rasa shell
```

For more information about the individual commands, please check out our 
[documentation](http://rasa.com/docs/rasa/user-guide/command-line-interface/).

## Encountered any issues?
Let us know about it by posting on [Rasa Community Forum](https://forum.rasa.com)!

Commit message:

update knowledge base example bot

examples/knowledgebasebot/README.md, after:

# Knowledge Base Bot

This example bot uses a knowledge base to answer user's requests.

## What’s inside this example?

This example contains some training data and the main files needed to build an 
assistant on your local machine. The `knowledgebasebot` consists of the following files:

- **data/nlu.md** contains training examples for the NLU model  
- **data/stories.md** contains training stories for the Core model  
- **actions.py** contains the custom action for querying the knowledge base
- **config.yml** contains the model configuration
- **domain.yml** contains the domain of the assistant  
- **endpoints.yml** contains the webhook configuration for the custom action  
- **knowledge_base_data.json** contains the data for the knowledge base

## How to use this example?

To train your knowledge base bot, execute
```
rasa train
```
This will store a zipped model file in `models/`.

Start the action server by
```
rasa run actions
```

To chat with the bot on the command line, run
```
rasa shell
```

For more information about the individual commands, please check out our 
[documentation](http://rasa.com/docs/rasa/user-guide/command-line-interface/).

## Encountered any issues?
Let us know about it by posting on [Rasa Community Forum](https://forum.rasa.com)!
